The POC I've done for Am I sharing?
What am I sharing?
OK,
I'll move on to the screen and drag stuff.
So I've created this policy called
identity proofing.
So identity proofing.
So let me share the VS Code as well.
Yeah, so Azure B to C have the concept of.
So Azure B to C is external identity
provider,
external identity provider to at least
the portal, right?
So B to C has the concept of you can plug
in other external ID providers to B to C
For example, you can plug in Facebook,
you can plug in Google, Microsoft,
you can plug in those external providers.
And then when it's when the users try to
authenticate,
you can have those options to
authenticate.
So My ID will be integrated similarly.
So you can see there's a technical
provider domain name Google.
So there will be.
So the plan is there will be My ID domain,
they won't be Google.
So just for simulation,
I've created that and then so you need to
configure this technical profile to
enable the IDP external identity provider.
So,
so there is key bit of information that
we need to fill in the authorization
endpoint, access token endpoint,
claims endpoint.
So these will be very similar to these
settings for my ID.
My ID will have their own settings.
Actually maybe let me let me check the
Pradeep shared this document with me.
I'll Pradeep got this document.
Yeah, this one here.
So where do you get these information
from Tanuka, all those.
So for Google today's I'll I'll send you
a link.
So there's yeah, mistakes.
Today's Microsoft documentation how to
set up Google.
Yeah, but there's also.
So that's just for simulation, right?
But our real thing is My ID.
So you can see My ID has documentation.
This is the technical documentation that
Pradeep shared with me.
To integrate with My ID,
our application need to be on boarded
onto my My ID.
So Pradeep and Jamie has done the
onboarding part,
but we haven't got the credentials yet.
So to integrate,
we need some credentials to talk to my ID,
the back end.
So that bit of information we don't have,
right.
But as is short, so,
So what I was showing before here is how
to connect to Google.
So you have a client ID and you have a
secret, right?
So that's how BTC integrates to Google.
So similarly,
so they've given in this document here,
there's a, there should be somewhere here,
there should be that bit of policy XML
that need to be that you need to
configure to connect to my ID.
This is the registration form.
This is the XML this the Jason go to set
XML in it.
This is what's its generate the request
URL token request.
You saying for sure If you want to get
the using for that API call guide to
registration I'm sure.
Maybe it's the other document,
not this one.
Yeah, now this one is another document.
No, no, not this.
So this this dual prove different
patterns of integration.
I don't think this has examples in it.
Yeah.
But it's good to go through these
documents sort of have a mapping of what
P1, what P2 and what P3 is.
And so it has different describes
different levels of strength.
So this is the high confidence,
this is what we want level 2 and this has
different patterns in there.
So, but I can recall,
I've seen that policy XML,
but they they should be able to provide.
So whatever you have configured there,
right, Those yeah, information.
So there was a XML somewhere here.
Exchange process, No, it's not here.
I've seen it somewhere,
maybe on the Internet.
But anyway,
when you talk to them they they will let
you know.
But again,
so here the way it would work is that you
need to pretty much provide this
information configuration,
my ID configuration and then a client ID
and secret and then the sign in.
I don't think we need to sign in because
we won't be signing into it.
We'll be just so for example,
again the starting point is the user
journey and is so that information then
OK, what we have given here, right,
the provider name, authorization token,
something like that, Yeah.
So that will be provided from Services
Australia.
Which information are we waiting for from
them to enable this like that?
That information that I've,
I've shared the technical profile before,
right?
So this one here.
So we need all the information that it
need.
Where was it?
Yeah.
So you,
we need to get all this information,
all right.
So all these information will be given by
them once they complete the onboarding
for they they completed the onboarding,
right?
They should have this information already
available.
OK.
I think what we were struggling is to
find a Service Australia contact to talk
to.
So we've made some progress.
Yeah, I think you, you,
you guys need to work with Pradeep to get
that information.
He will get you this information.
But I think the mainly what we're looking
at.
So I think we can make up those
information from that PDF.
Yeah,
mainly what we after is the client ID and
the secret.
OK, got it.
Those, those are the 2.
So,
so in in my ID there are two environments.
So they have a sort of like a sandbox
environment and they have a production
environment, right.
OK.
So I think when we talk to them,
we need to ask them because we have
multiple non product environments, right?
Yeah.
So we need to ask them how we can sort of
have multiple environments connected to
the sandbox.
OK, yeah,
because we want to test that in low
environments, right?
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
Yeah.
So that's that's a question OK for them.
But so this is very simple.
The the Google is configured so you can
see step one combined.
So you have the sign in enabled.
So we have the local sign in available
enabled.
So that means so we so for £100 ID check.
So when we landed on this policy,
so we expect the user to be already
logged in, right?
Because the way the £100 ID check is
going to work is you either sign up or
sign in,
you go to the profile and you hit that
link right.
So, so users already logged in.
The first step for us to make sure is
users logged in if it is not logged in,
get them to log in right.
If there's somehow like copy the URL or
something and stuff hitting the profile
button, right.
So if they come from not from the portal,
if they come directly.
So make sure that it's we've done that
and then then we have a link to Google.
So so this will be there will be a link
to my ID sort of thing, right.
So if I run this policy,
but unfortunately I was having some
issues with this policy where I've
created a test Google account,
that test Google account,
they've removed it.
So all the setup I had was lost.
But the policies who removed it, Google,
Google has removed it.
Yeah, the account was removed.
I I don't know why, but OK,
It was a test Google account.
Yep,
I tried to configure it just now with my
Google account,
but it's still not functional.
But we need to hide this.
OK, yeah, we, we don't,
we don't need this.
So it's just local login, right?
Yep.
So if I use a local login here.
So you have see,
you see there's a link to Google, right?
So I think the behaviour for my ID,
there should be a link to my ID and there
should be another link to.
So we could ask the question,
do you have a standard strength digital
ID?
If it is, yes, click on My ID.
If it is not click on the alternative
service, right?
So when you click on it,
it should take you to Google.
So this what happened, right?
So it's, it's,
it's broken because it's removed.
Otherwise this would have taken me me to
Google and asked me to log into Google.
So once I've logged into Google,
it'll ask me for consent because so in
the profile, I asked few scopes, right?
I asked to read scopes,
I asked to read the email and profile
from my Google account, right?
So once we land here,
so once the users sign in,
they'll ask whether it's OK to give
permissions to ask her to read the email
address and the profile.
So in in my ID case, we'll be reading,
we might be reading email address,
first name, last name, this information,
this information that you can read in in
there.
So, so we need to ask them permissions.
I mean,
they will ask because we requested the
scopes and then once it completed.
So this is this is one thing, right?
So the the, the Oh yeah,
**** I think I removed that.
So current POC profile POC policy.
What it does is it adds.
So if I look for that user account,
just unfortunate that it just it's broke.
I tried to reconfigure it,
but I didn't I think I'm still missing
something.
Maybe if I get to reconfigure it,
I'll do a demo.
Again, a good demo for you guys.
So here.
So by default,
what it will do is you can see there's
one identity here for this user.
After you successfully give the consent,
it'll add another identity here, right?
So this is your local identity using your
email address,
and you'll add another Google identity,
which is not the Gmail email address.
It'll be the Gmail email addresses.
GUID will be added here as a second
identity provider, but we don't want that,
right?
What happens is if we continue with that,
if we let it add the second sign in
method.
So we have the scenario where ACEO could
be a governing person in two RT OS, right?
They probably want to keep the his to
user.
He probably want to keep 2 user accounts
for those two RTOS, right?
So probably use his company email
addresses.
He doesn't want to use his personal email
address or he he doesn't want to share
the one company email address with the
other email address.
So he will keep 2 user accounts, right?
So for example,
if you do 100 point ID check with one
account if if then your digital ID is
added as a second sign in method.
So when you try to do the £100 ID check,
you'll complain that the user already
exists, right?
So we need to modify that policy.
So when the policy comes back,
don't save it as a second identity method.
So we need to add A.
So in in B to CB to C has this custom
attributes, right?
Where's the custom attributes here, right?
Edge user attributes, right.
So we already added OK, so,
so there's few custom ones, right?
So you can see, so we added that we,
we have contact ID.
So we already stamped the contact ID into
the B to C user account for tracking
purposes, right?
Once you sign up you will link the link
the contact in in in in CRM and once we
get the contact back to.
B to C,
we stamp the contact ID into the user in
B to C similarly.
So instead of adding a sign in method,
we need to record the digital ID in in
this custom attribute.
And then also maybe we've added another
flag called ID checked so ID checked
ticked.
So what that allows is you can have one
too many.
So you can have one digital ID connected
with two user account.
So that's for limitation then.
OK.
Like digital ID will be same, right?
Like I will not be using a different
digital ID for another RTO.
So will that be allowed?
Like I will have one digital ID, right?
So I'm a CEO with an RTO.
I'll go do my 100 points verification
with one RTO.
So in that case my digital ID against
this user will be the same as doing for
another RTO right?
Is that allowed?
Like same digital ID 100 point
verification is allowed across RTO?
If you share the your user account with
RTOS then you don't have problem right?
So because your digital ID is already
done then CRM will be checked right?
So CRM won't ask them to use do the 100
point ID check again, right.
But the problem is if you have two user
accounts, so you have two contacts,
2 user accounts as well.
Normally digital ID is using our personal
email IDs, right?
We won't be using official IDs like
issued by companies or any other thing.
Yeah, that's fine.
So,
so you don't have to use the same email
address as the email address you sign in,
Right.
OK.
So for example,
I could be logging into
ascarusingmydinoco.germany@ascar.
com dot AU.
Yep.
But I can sign into my digital ID with my
Gmail email address, right?
OK.
Yeah.
But when the request comes back,
so I record.
Yeah, not the email address.
I mean,
we can record the email address as well.
This is the, this is so we, we, we.
So I think this is for you guys to think,
right?
How do we want to record the digital ID?
So are we going to record the digital ID
as attributes of a contact or are we
going to have a separate entity link to
the contact, right?
So,
So what need to happen is after digital,
when the digital ID comes back to B to C,
so we need B to C need to go make the API
calls to populate the digital ID entity
or the additional attributes against the
contact so that that will have so we
won't touch the contacts primary email
address that will remain whatever it is.
And you might have a digital ID email
address, right?
You might have a digital ID mobile number.
Because you, you can't really,
you had a good point, right?
You can't really replace the primary
email address with the digital ID email
address because that could be separate,
could be different.
Yeah.
But then you can decide what are you
going to do with the mobile number,
because that mobile number could be
different as well, right.
So he could be logging in with the his
mobile number to ask her,
but his digital ID might have his
personal mobile number, right?
So I think it's best to keep it saved
separately.
Yeah, yeah.
This is the contact and this is digital
ID and this is the link.
And these are the attributes that we're
going to save 4 digital ID, first name,
last name, date of birth.
Maybe like some attributes like date of
birth, it can be replaced in contact,
right?
Because you can't have 22 date of births.
Maybe first name, last name,
you can replace as well because that's
the digital IDs, first name, last name.
But some attributes,
you may need to keep it separately.
And and then the ID, the digital ID,
the GUID of the digital ID, yeah,
as you said that's need important to
important to save it.
I think that's pretty much it for
digitally part.
How do we configure this on the profile
Denuka, like for sign up sign in,
we go and enable Azure ADB to see right
on the portal setting for this one.
How we are gonna do Yeah,
So good question.
So if you go to your you guys call this
Power Portal Studio, right?
Go to Power Portal Studio and add another
manual planning,
not sharing because because it was stolen.
So you can add multiple B to C providers,
right?
Yeah.
So for example,
now we have the policy that we've been
using is from an annual planning
perspective,
the real goal is to stand brand priority
budgets.
But yeah,
define SOW to establish ticketed time.
We had the proofing as the policy, right?
If you go here and if you go to identity
and the same thing that we did the other
day, right?
So, so you add,
you can add another provider, OK,
So that could be AB to C and you can name
it like proofing, right or whatever,
whatever it is, right.
And then you fill out this information.
You use the same plant ID as the one you
use domain, right?
And then you add authority URL.
Remember that URL had the policy in
between.
Let's go back here.
So here.
So in the second one, you add so the,
the these bits are the same.
This is the tenant ID.
And what you need to change is the policy,
this policy name, right?
And ID is the same.
So I guess and this is generated by
portal, right?
Yeah.
And then you need to change this.
You don't have a password reset for that.
It's only the the proofing policy here
and same thing here, proofing policy,
right?
Yeah.
And then I think in these settings you
don't need external logout.
None of these need to be enabled, right?
It's just a provider.
And so once you enable that,
because you said this to default,
it won't show up in the portal, right?
It will be hidden.
So you can follow the same logic that
you've done here, right?
So I think rather rather did this.
So this link,
the way that you generate the link here,
you can generate the link in the same way
to redirect to the proofing policy.
OK, yeah, right.
So I I think the way that is done rather
read the configuration.
So these get saved,
identity provider settings get saved into
site settings.
Yeah,
I think she rented the this URL using the
site settings.
OK, yeah.
So so in in your profile page,
you would have a button,
similar button here,
the link generated similar to the sign up
link.
All right.
Yeah, for the proof proofing, right.
So,
so when the user hit the proofing button,
so the user will land on that policy and
by the time it won't ask you to So like
like here, it won't ask you to log in.
Yeah,
it will land on that link page directly
because the user's already logged in.
Yep.
Yeah,
that's how the integration would happen.
OK Yeah, if you guys have,
I think that's all the.
So I'm going to do a OK,
because I was hoping to do the sort of
the demo in 16 minute.
So you guys have time to ask questions
about the demo in this handover session.
But unfortunately demo is after this.
Yeah.
So maybe I mean, we have time tomorrow,
we can set up another half an hour.
Yeah.
Because there's there's no point of doing
the demo here right now because I have to
do demo again.
Yeah,
we can probably if you guys think you you
need, you have questions,
We'll set up another half an hour to go
through tomorrow morning.
We'll do another half an hour Tanuka
recording that demo tomorrow morning.
I have a physio appointment,
so I'll be away for probably one hour.
That's OK.
Whenever you're on.
Maybe if you can do afternoon.
Yeah, I can do afternoon.
OK, we can do that.